# Version 1.0 release notes

## Summary

This release completes the planned functionality for the node, hence the major change to the
version number. The main addition over the last release is the ability to calibrate the
electrical conductivity sensors.

## Known issues/limitations

* **Date and time**: The node currently attempts to obtain the date and time from the wifi network. 
Setting the date and time in configuration mode therefore has no effect.
* **Battery indicator**: The battery indicator has been disabled. The plan is to reinstate it
in a later release.
* **Top-layer sensor readings**: Because it was not possible to modify the top-layer sensor
unit to add a switch, the sensitivity of the pH and EC sensors at that layer is reduced 
compared to the other layers. 
* **Temperature compensation**: PH and EC sensor readings are affected by changes in temperature.
The current code does not apply temperature compensation. This will be included in a later release;
however, the adjustments will be small within the temperature range expected in the GrowCubes. Any
gains in accuracy with temperature compensation are likely to be negligible.
* **Log files**: Although log files are now created, they are difficult to access. In a later
release, the code will be modified so tht the log files are automatically uploaded to the server
so that they can ve viewed in the Dandelion app.
* **Options menu**: The options menu appears on startup regardless of whether that is the result
of a manual reset or waking up automatically from deep sleep. It will be suppressed in the deep
sleep case in a future release.
* **WPA2 wifi support**: Some local authorities employ the WPA2 Enterprise wifi authentication
method which requires a username and password to join the network. This is not currently
supported but will be investigated for a future release. In the meantime, the workaround is to
use a mifi device or a mobile hotspot as suggested on the [Configuration page](../config.md).

